chore: add changelog entries for v8.1.0 (#311)
checkly/docs: platform/private-locations/change-log.mdx

## Full release history

<Update label="v8.1.0" tags={["May 2026"]}>

> - Resolved improper handling of global timeouts in Playwright Check Suites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Playwright [Global timeouts](https://playwright.dev/docs/test-timeouts#global-timeout) now apply and surface correctly in Playwright Check Suites
```

> - Improved scheduling for long running Playwright Check Suites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved scheduling for long-running Playwright Check Suites
```
